and welcome back to the fresh episode of
the business through the show i'm your
host sam dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com
and today i'm joined by returning guest
danny levy danny is a managing director
wbr apac region he's also host and
founder of digital transformation and
leadership podcast danny welcome back to
the show square how are you doing
yes i'm good i'm good how are you
all good on this end man
and looking forward to today's topic
how you can get the right things done to
keep your business growing i think it's
something probably a lot of us
especially me struggle with when it
comes to faffing around procrastinating
kind of putting those important tasks to
one side and just thinking i'd rather
mess about on linkedin on facebook or
rather send this email or i'd rather
check this first or rather manage a
product putting everything aside rather
than things actually going to move the
needle and grow revenue grow your
business so i think it's going to be
useful for me and everyone tuning in um
so yeah i'd love to love to jump
straight in and perhaps before we kind
of talk because i know you've got three
main segments you want to split this up
dude
before we get to that perhaps we should
just start with a teed up question why
is it so important that we need to kind
of get the right things done and manage
our time
it's i think it's it's one of the most
important things you can do no matter
what level of the organization you're in
so whether you're kind of an entry level
person maybe mid-level
at the top of the organization i think
always thinking around
what are the things that i really need
to be doing in the week
um in the month in the quarter
that are actually going to move the
needle and what are the things that only
i can do
and what's the stuff that actually i
don't need to be doing and what can i
delegate so i think that's why it's so
important and we all have the same
amount of time in the
in the day and in the week but but i
always say not all time is created equal
i like that it's it's amazing how
sometimes i've i'm guilty of it all the
time you can just faff around with bits
and pieces don't know where the time's
gone it's already lunch time and then
you you realize well i haven't actually
got in my list kind of
any of anything i actually wanted to get
done and then you're panicking in the
afternoon because you've just been
messing around all morning
yeah we we always um
we tend to kind of overestimate i think
um how much time things take um
so you know we might schedule a
a quick meeting catch up for example
invite two or three people along to the
meeting
we think it's going to take 20 minutes
and it ends up taking an hour and then
all of a sudden you're chasing your tail
for the rest of the day and i always
think the podcast is a good example as
well because
when you get people onto the podcast a
lot of the time if someone hasn't done a
podcast before they think that they're
going to need 15 20 questions to fill an
hour but in reality all you need is a
few points and the conversation
can quickly flow and get away from you
so
yeah i'd always say over allocate your
time because things tend to take a lot
longer than year don't you think they
will that's a great tip well let's jump
straight into it how can we maximize our
time how can we ensure that we are
getting the most bang for our buck when
it comes to our time and structure and
managing our days
yeah so like you said thanks um so um
i've got three points i'll talk around
just around kind of how you can get the
right things done um you want to be the
kind of most impactful person you can be
in work and these are just three points
that have that have helped me in my
career so i just wanted to share so that
the first one is around
how you can get the most out of your
time so i think we started to touch on
it there a bit
um but like i said i mean we've all got
the same amount of hours in the day in
the week
um
one one thing you can do just to get a
handle on on your time um
is to try and track it so you might want
to want to take kind of four weeks
six weeks
um
and just plot out where you spend your
time to the closest 15 minutes
and be as honest as possible with
yourself you know noted that doesn't
have to be complicated you can put it
into an excel
um
and what often happens is the results
can be quite surprising because you
might schedule in your calendar
that you know you're going to be
spending 90 minutes on this on this
really important piece of work this deep
focus
um
or you're going to be you know in a
meeting but what often happens is over a
period of time you tend to gravitate
towards things that you enjoy doing
rather than what you need to be doing or
you know like you said before you jump
off um you kind of work that you've got
to be doing you're on linkedin you're
you're applying to a dm or that's the
danger of two screens you've got work
that's it
very difficult very difficult and if you
go beyond uh two screens because a lot
of people have two monitors they've got
a phone
you know they've got other distractions
at home so if you if you do this
exercise the results can be quite
surprising and you might find that
you're actually spending your time on
stuff that
isn't really that important that's
that's what i found when i did the
exercise so i was spending
my time on a lot of activities where
actually i could
i could train up or i could get other
people in the team to do them as well or
close to as well as me
um
and i could then delegate those
activities i wouldn't need to do them
anymore
and that would then free me up to again
like i said before just to work on stuff
that that only i can do
because that's really where you want to
be spending most of your time future
opportunities things that are going to
move the needle that only you can do
so it's a really good activity to do
just to kind of track your time in the
beginning um
yeah how long did you say that we should
do that and if you've got any tips
around kind of what we what we should
measure did you say every 15 minutes you
should kind of make a note in an excel
sheet or a document yeah just in excel
the dock this is what i've done
and uh yeah just just to the closest 15
minutes i mean
generally for about a six week period
yeah but if you do it for a full week
period that's also fine
and just see how you get on i mean and
you can review that at the end of each
week because what happens is
you might plan out your calendar for the
following week and it might look great
on paper
but in reality that's just not how
you're spending your time
so if you do this exercise actually
it'll make you quite self-aware of what
you are doing and what you're not doing
and then kind of be able to reorganize
and prioritize uh based on that
i already know if i start this i'm gonna
there's gonna be some worrying results
it'll be like send email manage project
tell dog to shut up checklist
the important thing is that
the important thing is is that you are
honest with yourself yeah i mean and
only you really need to look at it as
well right you don't need to
share that with all your colleagues and
and friends but you need to look at it
and then you could share it with your
manager and discuss that and your
manager could help you kind of get back
on track
um but they don't have to and it just it
just again kind of lets you kind of be a
more impactful person as i mentioned in
the beginning that's a really really
good exercise it is what i like about it
is it's it's universal right because it
doesn't apply to sales marketing
leadership whatever because
everyone well not everyone but most
people are probably guilty of
procrastinating or doing things that
they don't necessarily need to do and
like you mentioned just then focus on
kind of what you can only do what you're
going to do best and outsource the rest
as the old saying goes
so
really really like that's and i suppose
did it happen with you that kind of a
few days in you thought i can cut this
out and then as as time went on you you
kind of sharpened up your time and
realized kind of what you could do well
what you could allocate to other people
and
just just got i guess better and better
use of your time
that's it yeah and and you will be
you'll find that you're actually
spending your time on a lot of things
that aren't even in your calendar
so it might be you know proofing
documentation or
reviewing agendas a lot of the time what
happens to me is that um
i'll get work that will just kind of get
put on my plate during the day
um
and again you can do it i mean your your
schedule should be flexible you should
be able to move things around
but the core activities the stuff that
you really need to be focusing on the or
the essential meetings that's kind of
non-negotiable so again by doing this
exercise you can also see
how reactive you are so if you're a kind
of super reactive person that says yes
to everything and we'll come to this
later but if you say yes to everything
uh or just kind of trying to put out
fires or or deal with urgent stuff or
please people a lot of people want to
please everyone else right so okay i've
got this request from this department
they say it's urgent i must do it now
and again by doing this exercise you can
see how much stuff you're putting in and
then how that's actually potentially
holding you back
yeah yeah yeah yeah there's
that's the trouble isn't it sometimes in
the heat of the moment it's really easy
to react to emails that coming tasks are
coming in even if you've got this high
priority task you know you've got to get
done
um
is that something you want to talk about
now danny or is that a bit more we need
to chat about in terms of kind of
managing time and
uh well i've got a few more points so um
like i was gonna so i was just gonna say
so one good thing to ask yourself when
you get a request
is
what would happen if i didn't do this
and
uh which of these activities could be
better done by somebody else so i would
always try and ask yourself those two
questions
yeah um when you are plotting out work
for for the week um when urgent requests
are coming in or just requests in
general
um
and the worst way to allocate your time
which i popped this on linkedin
yesterday
is in 15 minute blocks
so when you're allocating your time you
know you really need to avoid
putting in anything to work on anything
for 15 minutes or if you're working on
something
and a request comes in
um if you can't do it then and there and
by then and there i mean like if you
can't actually deal with it within kind
of 60 to 90 seconds
um
you should be kind of plotting that out
for for the next week or or putting that
into your schedule to plan out at a
later date um
you don't want to jump off things that
need your full attention and onto other
work um
or or you're just putting your schedule
together and
you're under allocating time that you
need for things so you're only plotting
say 15 to 30 minutes for something that
actually is going to take you
an hour and a half two hours
that again is a really good way to get
very stressed out um
and you know find that you're working
into the evenings or you haven't
finished all the work for the week and
then you just you end up end the week or
the day feeling miserable
so so don't do that
um
and the last thing just around time i i
always say is get really comfortable
saying no to requests
so
um most of the time
internal requests um
are non-urgent but they'll seem urgent
in the moment
yep so so people will ask you to do
things and and what i always do and i
recommend this to other people
is to kind of push back in a nice way
and say you know at the moment i'm
really busy
i'm working on something but i can get
to this at four o'clock today or i could
get to this at two o'clock tomorrow
and what often happens is when you push
back like that the person goes away
and actually solves it themselves
so you don't need to work on it at all
um it might not happen you might have to
work on it later um but that's just a
really good way to
kind of make sure that your own work
gets done and you're kind of pushing
back in a nice way and you are saying
that you'll get to it not that it's not
important it's just that you can't get
to it in that moment so to kind of get
comfortable saying no the worst thing
you can do is
say yes to everything then everyone gets
used to you saying yes to everything and
what happens is they'll just push more
and more work onto your plate and and
you'll never be able to focus on your
own key activities
yeah um and for external requests the
last thing
so for example things like today right
you said would you come on the podcast
and i said yeah sure i'll come on the
podcast and it's great to be invited on
um
and i will say yes to some opportunities
but to be honest with you i say no to
about 95
of external requests
and that's just because it's very
tempting to say
yes to things it could look like a great
opportunity you know you can be on a
podcast or
speak on a webinar um
go to an event um have lunch with
somebody but again just make sure that
by saying yes to things you're not
pulling yourself away from
your core activities your key priorities
what's actually going to move the needle
and what you're accountable for
because again if you say yes to too many
things that look great on the surface
without going too deep or
um you just you just want to say yes you
know again the end of the week at the
end of the day
you're going to feel really stressed out
because you haven't done what you're
accountable for and your line manager
whoever that is
isn't really going to care if you're on
a podcast or not they're just going to
care have you done what you're
accountable for in the week exactly some
great points so kind of tracking back a
bit to the second point understanding
kind of which can be done better by
someone else
so essentially we're saying if the job
can be done in 60 to 90 seconds just do
it there and then
otherwise if it's going to take a bit
more of your time basically plan out
when makes sense to do it in your
calendar book sometime in the future
rather than faffing around taking your
time away from something you need to get
done that's perhaps high priority now
and distracting yourself just plan it in
in advance yeah
i'm going to go through that in the next
point but yeah there's a there's
something i do in terms of how i
allocate that and how i plan that out
for the following week awesome okay and
then getting comfortable saying no this
is this is something i've certainly
learned the hard way because i remember
when we started the podcast i was
stretching myself thin
trying to do kind of three or four
episodes a week and then it was
affecting work it was affecting sales
there's no way i can go on i'm gonna
keep it to kind of one or two max and
since then i'm less stressed out
i can get more done and it just makes
everything easier
and i was exactly the same on external
requests because i mean
us to being kind of quite active on
linkedin and doing quite a lot of shows
ourselves we're fortunate enough that we
regularly get invited onto other shows
but like you said i i had to almost
become i guess it's a bit selfish i had
to think is this
actually going to help our business is
relevant to marketing if it's not i'm
going to have to say thanks very much
for the opportunity really appreciate it
but right now we're too busy with xyz
and perhaps we can kind of chat again in
the future or discuss something else so
understanding a really simple question
is is does this activity
positively or have an impact on revenue
if it doesn't impact if it doesn't
impact revenue then you should really
question on
why you're working on that activity
yeah i love that i love that and that
that could apply to anything really
couldn't it in terms of prioritization i
guess
it really can yeah i mean not everything
will be very obvious but
you know it should have a knock-on
effect or contribute indirectly um
especially if you're not in a kind of
sales role but
um it's a it's a great question to ask
yourself and then a lot of the time that
will help you with your prioritization
yeah
brilliant stuff cool all right well some
some great three points there so
coming up next is that prioritization
that we're talking about
that's the one that is the one so if you
if you get all those points down from
the
the time management getting the most out
of your time
next comes um
how you can plan out your time for the
following week so hopefully you're
self-aware you've done that exercise
you know where you're spending your time
um you've decided you're not going to
allocate activities in 15-minute blocks
you're comfortable saying no so you've
got a really good handle on things so
um
the thing i always do and recommend
other people do is
um start with your most important
activity so if you're in sales
you know that every day you need to be
on the phone
for at least say 90 minutes in the
morning
and 90 minutes in the afternoon so that
should be the first thing that gets
allocated onto your calendar for the
week that prospecting time
um
and then around that prospecting time
you probably know you've got to kind of
sort your data make sure you've got your
your call list ready to go
um you've got to work on admin and
emails you might need to update the crm
respond to customer inquiries you've got
meetings that need to get plotted in but
the very first thing you know needs to
go in is that prospecting time because
if you don't allocate that prospecting
time
you know you're not going to move the
needle in terms of pipeline
moving deals forward blowing deals out
getting new deals in there
and that's all the the key stuff that
when you kind of come to sit down with
your
with your manager that they're going to
be looking at they're going to be going
through your pipeline in the crm
looking at which deals have moved
forward the forecast so it's just having
that awareness and then around that that
kind of core time
you might want to over allocate time as
well i sometimes suggest people do that
but um that is sacred that time is
absolutely sacred so um
during that time you should be switching
off any distractions any notifications
just to make sure that gets done
yeah as i say then then hopefully you
can prioritize with the other activities
we've done what i've mentioned around
those key activities
if you're like me and you have a lot
going on one thing i do um
i'm not making too many sales calls
these days but um one thing i do is i
plan my week out by themes
so i find this quite helpful because i'm
in a leadership role so
for me um
i have a lot of one-to-one meetings and
a lot of team meetings in the week so
what i find helpful is is i only
schedule the
the meetings and the one-to-ones on
certain days
so
for example on um
on wednesdays and fridays i have the
most of my team meetings so i know on
those days i can
you know talk to people come up with
strategy have one-to-ones it's a lot of
talking and back and forth i'm actually
a little bit more introverted so i find
these days more tiring so i find it
better just to get them out the way in
one go and then um on other days i have
my kind of deep focus days my knowledge
work days yep um
and on these days so so again that would
be for me kind of monday and thursdays
generally
um these are days i can plot out kind of
work or scheduling or strategy documents
i need to work on that will take me
several hours
and i know during these days it's
unlikely that i'm going to have to get
on a call so i can really focus
um and then on tuesdays i'll schedule
kind of external client conversations a
podcast
any opportunities i've got their
external
and planning out the week like that just
helps you kind of allocate activities
also for me personally lowers my stress
because when i look across the week
i know which days to kind of expect
things
yeah and i'm quite structured like that
so that works really well for me
and then the last thing you might want
to consider is um
when you're most productive so generally
a lot of people are better in the
morning sure so if you're better in the
morning you know you're kind of firing
on all cylinders you've had your coffee
get get the worst activity out the way
first i think you put that up on
linkedin yesterday um on the post i did
but um you know get the most difficult
most important things out of the way
first
um
and then also if you've got to work on a
document that's going to take up you
know a lot of your thought process and
take you quite a bit of time it's better
to put that first thing in the morning
if you're a morning person get that out
of the way don't schedule it you know at
2 p.m after you've been out for a huge
slap up lunch
and then i think you fall asleep at your
desk yeah
so again you know that's that's really
important and then what i always
recommend is if you're just doing this
for the first time
and you're not sure that you're actually
planning out your week in the right way
uh something simple that you can do is
just take a print screen
of your calendar
once you've platted everything out and
just show that to your manager to your
line manager
and just get their blessing that
actually yeah you prioritized in the
right way that you're working on all the
right stuff
by doing that it lowers your stress
levels
you know you planned out things
correctly and if you haven't they can
help you reorganize
uh and they might actually what you
might find is that actually
you might be working on things
over stuff that's a higher priority that
actually the manager can do for you they
can take that off your plate so that's a
really good that's a really good
activity
and then the very last one
before you get to that yeah what that
that's okay if you're a rep and you've
got a manager what if you're a business
owner is it just learn by
learn by testing learn what works what
doesn't or if you're in a leadership
position you you're perhaps top of the
food chain
um that's not the best way of putting so
excuse me but
let's um let's say you are running the
business you're running a leadership
team what what do you do then just to
kind of
follow these best practices then test
what works and kind of build a schedule
around kind of
what you feels
yeah i mean results
i mean generally in a lot of companies
you would have probably anyway way
risen up the ranks i guess so you might
have already done this as you were
moving up
hopefully you're also helping your team
to do this so you can kind of be
discussing with them looking at their
schedules
that helps you see that everyone's on
track
um if you're a very small company um
say there's only one or two of you just
show it to your co-founder or
who the other manager is and just
discuss it
um there's always somebody you can
normally bounce it off and if there
really really isn't um
yeah just the old trial and error i mean
you'll you'll quickly see if you're if
you're spending your time on the right
things or not
makes sense cool
okay
sweet thank you i had one more point
there just cut me off just sure and uh
under prioritization the last thing i
was going to say was um
uh when you're planning out your week
you won't be able to get to everything
it just won't happen and there'll be
lots of things that pop up during the
week like we said before
um that you can't deal with instantly
you can't fit it in you know it's
important it's not urgent that's always
where you should be spending the bulk of
your time on things that are important
not urgent um
i just have a uh a calendar block on a
friday
um
which is an hour where i plan out the
following week and i just drag
everything into that that calendar
reminder that i can't get to and then
when you come to plot out your next week
you open that up and all the things that
have come up are in there
and then you can include that in next
week's planning
what's your i want to dive into a couple
of these probs and points in a bit more
detail what's your thoughts on
planning a week out on a sunday or a
weekend in general
um
i think that's fine i i personally don't
um work at the weekends
try to avoid it but um
yeah i mean you can you could do this
activity on a sunday if you if you find
that you're better logging in on a
sunday afternoon or a sunday evening
when the kids have gone to bed
then you can look at the calendar invite
on the sunday and then plot out the
following week i try and do it on a
friday around four to five o'clock my
time
uh and then just plot out the following
week there
yeah i guess it's about what what works
for you i mean the reason i ask is
because that's that's where i do it as
some afternoons i have to finish a bit
early with a little one so um it makes
sense but i guess it's ultimately about
like you say whether it works for you
doing on friday because you want to
there's no there's no rights or wrong i
mean as long as you're getting it in
there and and it works for you then do
it your way
nice
cool so yeah some some great stuff there
in terms of like if you're a sales rep
making sure you do i guess the most
painful thing first really which is if
you're prospecting that might be cold
calling cold emailing starting some new
conversations getting some sales
pipeline in your crm
and then i mean i've got an example of
this yesterday there was an audit that i
was putting off and off and off i needed
to do this we
thought right that's it i'm gonna do it
first thing monday morning took me a
couple hours to get done do the video
recording do the documentation but once
i done it i thought
thank god that's done i feel so much
better now i can just crack on with the
other kind of sales tasks project
management tasks website tasks i need to
do
just just was on a high whereas i've
been dreading it for so long
got it done it was like it wasn't that
bad it was actually easy um yeah it's
weird how your mind plays these tricks
on you isn't it and you want to put it
off and off and off
it's just yeah i mean another thing
i obviously have the luxury of working
for a company where these these
activities are
managed by different departments but
you're a small business owner and you've
got to take this one yourself
that's it and then again i suppose it's
it's knowing what your teammates can
help you out with and
what is going to be the best use of your
own time and putting that into thinking
too
that's it i mean you should always
know the strengths of the team and then
you should hopefully play to those
strengths
and be able to delegate the activities
that you know people can do well do
better than you
yeah
cool like it um i think we're going to
wrap up with just some tips you've got
for us in terms of running effective
meetings
yes the last one the last thing that i
think takes up a lot of time in the week
huge amount of time
is meetings um
definitely internal meetings external
meetings as well but internal meetings
are the are the main ones um most
meetings are a complete waste of time i
think uh they just a lot of them just
don't need to happen um
so before the meeting even starts
i'd always ask yourself if you really
need to have it
and the more people in the meeting the
bigger time investment is for the
company so you might just schedule a
one-hour meeting
but if there's five people in that
meeting it's five hours because there's
five people there
so it's a it's a big time investment so
just just make sure it's really needed
and generally you wanna you wanna know
when you have a meeting it's like do you
need to make a decision on something
um do you need to make sure that you're
on the right track are you checking back
in
if you're not and it's not a one-to-one
then yeah really question whether you're
having the meeting a lot of meetings
could just be
a phone call or an email
agree yeah so
definitely agree um
it's like all these kind of spam
linkedin or emails you get just saying
can we hop on a 60 minute call with no
context um
but is there a checklist that you've got
danny or something you run to say
whether a meeting a zoom caller phone
call is actually worth setting up or not
um
well with a with an external meeting
especially if it's a if it's a sales
meeting i think being able to disqualify
before you go into the into the call
into the meeting is always really
important especially if it's an inbound
inquiry you'll get a lot of people
inbound that
don't really know what they want they
don't know about your services they
don't know how much you charge so i
think being armed with kind of just a
kind of a key value proposition and
checklist of what to expect if they get
in a call with you or on a meeting so
you can disqualify without having to do
that on a call that that will save you a
ton of time
and internally like like i said
internally i think if you're going to
have a meeting it's because you want to
make a decision on something
um
or you know you're moving in any
direction or you just need to inform
people internally on a new update a new
strategy a new change of direction
if if these things aren't clear then
again just just question
the need to have the meeting um yeah
and if you if you do decide you want to
have a meeting
um what i would always say is make sure
there's an agenda
even if there's just if it's a
one-to-one uh still have an agenda
if it's a group meeting have an agenda
um and just share the agenda in advance
um
you want to get everyone on the same
page and a lot of the time in the agenda
there's kind of key points and numbers
that can be included in the agenda
ahead of the meeting
because often what happens is there's no
agenda you go into the meeting and then
everyone's asking for all this key data
for the first 20 minutes of the meeting
so that can actually prevent you from
actually being able to have the strategy
discussion that you want
so just make sure you've got all of that
information up front yeah so that when
you get into the meeting you know that
the key thing in the meeting is that
everyone can voice their opinion
you can understand where all the
different departments are coming from
and if there's any kind of problems or
challenges you can collaboratively
discuss how you're going to overcome
those
yeah yeah good stuff so
yeah like i like the one on inbound
sales leads because like you said i've
been guilty of that in the past just
getting an enquiry doesn't matter where
it's from a phone call email through the
website or through linkedin or through
any other channel
and they say look can we get on a call
but
quite a large percentage of the time
that call won't be worth your time
because like you say the prospect might
not be qualified to work with you or
vice versa
so just ask them a few questions i
can give me a snapshot of exactly what
you're looking for i can give you an
idea of the budget the timeline and that
way i've got a few sentences and it
might be that their budget's too low or
their project isn't something you can
help with and that just saves you 30 40
50 minutes on a on a call
um
yeah just just learned the hard way on
that and yeah when i when i first
started out in sales it's so exciting
when you get an inbound lead yeah you're
like yeah i've got a lead great
you'll get you'll get on that call and
yeah you don't you don't um disqualify
early you don't qualify
and you you go through your entire sales
process for 40 minutes 50 minutes like
you said
and then at the end you realize it's not
a fit and they don't have the money and
they're not the decision maker yeah um
and you know you've wasted a huge chunk
of your day
where you could have been prospecting or
talking to people that are a fit
so yeah you've got to be very careful
about that exactly yeah jumping on a
call for cool's sake is something i'm
i'm definitely against i mean obviously
if they're a good fit and
great if not and perhaps reconsider it
and yeah finally the agenda very very
good again i've been the past it's a
similar kind of thing you jump on calls
and especially if it's doesn't matter if
it's internal or external everyone wants
to have their own say and kind of voice
their opinion whereas if you like you
quite rightly said putting a kind of few
key bullet points what you're going to
discuss how long the meeting is going to
be and then before you can perhaps set
up an email thread saying can everyone
chime in with what they want to cover on
this meeting yeah
if you don't put it by this date then
i'll assume you don't want to cover
anything
which is good because then they're too
late to
get their two pence in and then
yeah keep it a certain amount of time
and make sure everything's covered
rather than wasting everyone's time and
faffing about all day yeah and then the
other thing with the meetings as well
it's like just make sure that you start
and end on time too many meetings start
late then they run late then everyone's
else's day is skewed um
you're backtracking on time so so try
and start and end on time
um not all meetings need to be an hour
so you know we have a a stand-up meeting
um with some of the department heads on
a monday morning first thing that
meetings 15 minutes
nice just key updates what's happening
in the week what forecasts are out there
um so you know make sure that
you don't always need to schedule an
hour that seems to be the default oh
we've got a meeting needs to be an hour
not the case um just invite the people
that need to be there
again often meetings end up with people
there that just don't need to be there
they're not contributing they're not
saying anything they're not adding any
value
um
so think long and hard before you invite
people because you know they've got
important things to be getting on with
and if you're on the receiving end of
one of these invites and you think why
am i why am i invited to this meeting
you say no you know don't don't just go
along to the meeting do question it even
if it's someone more senior than you um
and if you're running a meeting always
make a conversation you know nobody
wants to be in meetings where it's just
the most senior person kind of
turning it into a monologue with
everyone you know the whole point of the
meeting is to get everyone else's
opinion so
you know get everyone else's opinion and
then um at the end you know you've got
all the information you need to to come
back and offer your own advice and then
the last thing is just take notes you
know make sure you take notes or someone
in the meeting takes notes
make sure there's action points with the
person they're assigned to
um if there's no notes and action points
the meeting may has one that have
happened
um and then make sure you follow up
afterwards either in the next meeting or
if there is no other meeting make sure
you follow up with the people it's been
assigned to to make sure it's been done
that's the whole point of the meeting
yeah yeah the fruit is in the follow-up
and all that that's it
good stuff now the points
they're the three points
i think we've covered it all nicely yeah
yeah i really really appreciate the
breakdown enjoyed the conversation and
as always thanks very much for coming on
and pleasure thank you for having me
back
cheers sir and with that please do tell
everyone more about how they can learn
from you connect with you a bit about
your podcast bit about the business and
the best way to get in touch
easiest way to get in touch with me is
on linkedin i post most days as you can
imagine from this podcast i'm fairly
organized with my time so you might see
me pop up in the middle of the day my
time in singapore and at the end of the
day but if you if you send me a dm i'll
get back in touch with you and i uh i
host a podcast to run a podcast called
digital transformation and leadership
and if you're listening to this you can
find it on all the same streaming
services be really cool if you check
that out
nice one dude thanks again
thanks sam
cool and if you enjoyed the show as
always be sure to hit that subscribe
button we interview business leaders
each and every week and provide
actionable tips across marketing sales
and growing your sales revenue and with
that we should catch you on the next one